"Still, if I had married Lord St. Simon, of course I'd have done my duty by him. We can't command
our love, but we can our actions. I went to the altar with him with the intention to make him just
as good a wife as it was in me to be. But you may imagine what I felt when, just as I came to the
altar rails, I glanced back and saw Frank standing and looking at me out of the first pew. I thought
it was his ghost at first; but when I looked again there he was still, with a kind of question in
his eyes, as if to ask me whether I were glad or sorry to see him. I wonder I didn't drop. I know
that everything was turning round, and the words of the clergyman were just like the buzz of a bee
in my ear. I didn't know what to do. Should I stop the service and make a scene in the church? I
glanced at him again, and he seemed to know what I was thinking, for he raised his finger to his
lips to tell me to be still. Then I saw him scribble on a piece of paper, and I knew that he was
writing me a note. As I passed his pew on the way out I dropped my bouquet over to him, and he
slipped the note into my hand when he returned me the flowers. It was only a line asking me to join
him when he made the sign to me to do so. Of course I never doubted for a moment that my first duty
was now to him, and I determined to do just whatever he might direct.

"When I got back I told my maid, who had known him in California, and had always been his friend. I
ordered her to say nothing, but to get a few things packed and my ulster ready. I know I ought to
have spoken to Lord St. Simon, but it was dreadful hard before his mother and all those great
people. I just made up my mind to run away and explain afterwards. I hadn't been at the table ten
minutes before I saw Frank out of the window at the other side of the road. He beckoned to me and
then began walking into the Park. I slipped out, put on my things, and followed him. Some woman came
talking something or other about Lord St. Simon to me--seemed to me from the little I heard as if he
had a little secret of his own before marriage also--but I managed to get away from her and soon
overtook Frank. We got into a cab together, and away we drove to some lodgings he had taken in
Gordon Square, and that was my true wedding after all those years of waiting. Frank had been a
prisoner among the Apaches, had escaped, came on to 'Frisco, found that I had given him up for dead
and had gone to England, followed me there, and had come upon me at last on the very morning of my
second wedding."